it means the video response from the elephant
regarding the addition of facades decoding
of how I suggest doing it means
now there is a facade wide
custom 586
and the template is not configured here
stop 32 persists throughout the kitchen this
corner we do not touch offer stop to
set the pitch of the notes in May this problems
something about offer
fix and here 586 nod32 554
we also fix this whole structure
the last pillars in the overall project
soullessness into action now from
operator practical nothing depends
can be drilled
notice he's not both hands busy
a drill
immediately drill the soup without hands to
Unfortunately, it does not work at all
spring
Giza begins to rotate in the window I drill
ten
I will go there for fun
therefore we will be bred and
removing fasteners inserto
so I have some for by
compared with the professional put the child
1c from ready
now the most interesting this facade
another height so i have to
make a bunch of any actions to
reconfigure the pattern i loosen the supports
again I do it precisely because
I have to control this
system groups grandfather next satan
everything
but actually you and there were two facades
so we will consider
on the map suddenly ended instead of and
so all my final actions or
judgments have sunk into oblivion so take two
In general, the facade I have not even disassemble
I will mean what problems were in the course
all the action problems with native severe
as soon as we start in any diameter
drill into a small recess
you have to push this thing
spring due to which the calf is much
more tightly walking already when we are up
drill to the end here is the final position
here she is just trying to break free
Well, what's going on with MDF and the ten can be seen
even yawned a wedge in my sleeve
more dense there just
even the back of the drill started
walk with touch but because it seems
here a little bit more diameter
on some kind of mesh there so now i'm with
original sleeves and so this is after ru by
of this instruction
if you clean the facade to the support and on the table and
stomach pressure on the line in general from
these pieces can be disposed of and it turns out
work with passion speed
that is, roughly speaking, first process
45 cabinets then 60 unchanged height
box in any case, everything fits in
system either we drill with offset 37
either 3716 well then offset 30 is that
concerns fastening the facade rails all
stacked there in 64 steps that is nothing
don't change here just look
he hole numbers well these offsets
are inserted elementary rather it
Does not touch it at all
elementary and again for 45 and 60
The cabinets just remember two numbers and
write them yourself in the mirror all
the rest is trivial so that's what
it may not be clear but a fact
remains a fact
it is very real for the facade he drill
and it will be delivered that is, all without cheating
the technique works
take a piece of paper consider draw
everything is fine so that it all works we
we lower the facade of the lower part by 5
millimeters below the guide it
rule for all boxes any distance
between guides can be
vertical we adjust its height
façade general everything is considered possible
automate read axel